Allow conversion from ApproxTimeEvolution gates to openqasm (#4951)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* `qml.map_wires` no longer fails when mapping nested quantum tapes.
  [(#4901)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4901)

* Conversion of circuits to openqasm now decomposes to a depth of 10, allowing support 

>   for operators requiring 3 iterations of decomposition, such as the `ApproxTimeEvolution` gate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for operators requiring more than 2 iterations of decomposition, such as the `ApproxTimeEvolution` gate.
```

* `qml.map_wires` no longer fails when mapping nested quantum tapes.
  [(#4901)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4901)

> * Conversion of circuits to openqasm now supports the `ApproxTimeEvolution` gate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Conversion of circuits to openqasm now decomposes to a depth of 3, allowing support 
  for operators requiring 3 iterations of decomposition, such as the `ApproxTimeEvolution` gate.
```
